c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\SecondBot.dll.config
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\SecondBot.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\SecondBot.pdb
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Connector.Utilities.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.Rest.ClientRuntime.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\obj\Debug\SecondBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\obj\Debug\SecondBot.dll
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\obj\Debug\SecondBot.pdb
c:\users\lgk\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SecondBot\SecondBot\bin\Microsoft.Bot.Builder.dll
